Natalie Austin: Can you hear me, yes.
Natalie Austin: How are you
Aaron Mcmanis: Good, how are you
Natalie Austin: My name is Natalie.
Natalie Austin: On the VHS provider, you'll be talking with today. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Let me see, hey,
Natalie Austin: How do you spell your last name.
Ever see a
Natalie Austin: McManus
Natalie Austin: Aaron.
Natalie Austin: What is your, um,
Natalie Austin: your date of birth is February 12 1985 yes
Natalie Austin: To
Natalie Austin: Well, you're almost a
Natalie Austin: Valentine, baby.
Natalie Austin: What's your zip code.
Aaron Mcmanis: Or 4875
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So let's go on. Did you are you new to treatment.
Aaron Mcmanis: No, no. I actually had a doctor before this, excuse me, I'm trying to stop.
Aaron Mcmanis: The treatment on man, because it's costing me upwards of like 600 a month.
Aaron Mcmanis: Wow. And I just can't keep doing it. It's bleeding me dry. So a friend of mine told me about your program and I was trying to change over to a cheaper medication which is sub, he said.
Aaron Mcmanis: I've been on it before and it actually works better for me.
Aaron Mcmanis: It's way cheaper and I'd like assigned to can't afford to keep paying this every month, like this.
Aaron Mcmanis: So,
Aaron Mcmanis: They told me they get back with me and let me know as long as my insurance would
Aaron Mcmanis: Cover a good part of this, then
Aaron Mcmanis: I was trying to split
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm gonna do talk to them again since like 245 they sent me a text saying if you could talk to him again about your insurance. Did you get back on with them.
Aaron Mcmanis: Oh no, I haven't heard anything back. I talked to him last week.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Let me see if I can
Natalie Austin: Hold on, don't leave here. Let me just check with her and see what she wants me to do here.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Can you please have Aaron come back in the virtual plank after he meets with you.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: There has been an issue with his insurance that we need to fix. So I don't know what that means. Okay.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, they didn't tell me I just said last week when I first met with them that they call and find out what it would cost and what
Aaron Mcmanis: And I figured that would let me know today.
Natalie Austin: Okay, how much, how much did they say it was
Aaron Mcmanis: They didn't say
Natalie Austin: Let me see. Do you still need to see him. Do you still
Natalie Austin: Or do you have care source.
Aaron Mcmanis: Medical mutual
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay.
Aaron Mcmanis: They would call them and make sure that they would be able to
Aaron Mcmanis: Do some kind of coverage and then meet face. I'm kind of coke.
Natalie Austin: Oh, gotcha. Okay.
Natalie Austin: I see that she's typing. Now, they might be checking on your coverage. Now just good
Natalie Austin: Let me see if I can put that in here affirmations in here already.
Natalie Austin: Your cell phone in in 3046
Aaron Mcmanis: I'm sorry, I didn't hear the question.
Natalie Austin: Does your cell phone and in three or four, six.
Yes, ma'am.
Natalie Austin: And you get your scripts at Walgreens on Park Avenue.
Natalie Austin: How long
Natalie Austin: How long you been in treatment all together.
Aaron Mcmanis: Probably
Aaron Mcmanis: Like two years.
Natalie Austin: Okay, can you tell me your story, like how this all started, how you got into opioids, you have an accident. What happened, what were you taking. How old were you
Aaron Mcmanis: When I lived in Florida and at work. I had 185 pounds tank come off of a look and
Aaron Mcmanis: When it did it crushed my bag it
Aaron Mcmanis: Done a lot of damage to my lower back and
Aaron Mcmanis: I also gotten a bad car wreck.
Aaron Mcmanis: Same here and
Natalie Austin: What year was this
Aaron Mcmanis: One. How old were you either 104 years ago.
Aaron Mcmanis: I think about four years, four or five maybe
Okay.
Aaron Mcmanis: So starting out, I had to have excuse me I had to have surgery done to my back. I had a fusion done some ideas.
Aaron Mcmanis: I had the same problems in my neck have deteriorating this both of my neck and back. I have balding Ernie is
Aaron Mcmanis: And they put me on a lot of pain medication for a couple of years and
Aaron Mcmanis: Needless to say, it took my life in a bad way.
Aaron Mcmanis: When I tried to get in therapy. By that time, I was highly addicted and couldn't do anything couldn't function or anything without it.
Aaron Mcmanis: physically or mentally
Natalie Austin: Just started you on pain pills, the surgeon or pain doctor or your family doctor
Aaron Mcmanis: The pain. Doctor, they ship it to
Aaron Mcmanis: That's what started it all.
Aaron Mcmanis: oxycodone oxy cotton.
Aaron Mcmanis: Back then, they were just hand out anything
Yeah.
Aaron Mcmanis: So I ended up on a lot of medication.
Aaron Mcmanis: They put me on methadone to take me off of that. And that actually
Aaron Mcmanis: Just made things worse.
Aaron Mcmanis: So when I came back up here. I just started trying to get away from pain medication.
Aaron Mcmanis: And I can punch the ladies on Suboxone or still be text. I can at least go to work and do normal based thing where I couldn't even do that on pain medication.
Aaron Mcmanis: I got into legal troubles lot of
Aaron Mcmanis: Problems came with with the pain medication.
Aaron Mcmanis: Ended up in jail a lot
Aaron Mcmanis: I ended up with some serious charges.
Aaron Mcmanis: Almost ended up with a life sentence over
Aaron Mcmanis: Then got real bad.
Aaron Mcmanis: Luck for got away from all the masks and came up here trying to change.
Natalie Austin: So then when he came up here. What did you kind of two years ago. You came up here.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, couple years ago.
Natalie Austin: Did you still have neck pain and back pain.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, I still deal with it like on a day to day basis. But I mean,
Aaron Mcmanis: At least I can function on
Aaron Mcmanis: The
Natalie Austin: Nice thing about Suboxone is it works for pain to
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, right.
Natalie Austin: On
Natalie Austin: The box Suboxone or Sunday text.
Aaron Mcmanis: I've been on both
Natalie Austin: I mean, they either big motion be covered by your insurance, so shouldn't matter right
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, yeah, that's what. Well, the thing is,
Aaron Mcmanis: My insurance don't want to pay for Suboxone
Aaron Mcmanis: And Sunday.
Aaron Mcmanis: Last Sunday text is way cheaper if they won't pay for him. I can actually pay out of pocket. I can afford to pay for the prescription if my insurance decides not to pay for
Natalie Austin: Okay, what were you
Natalie Austin: What were you taking
Aaron Mcmanis: Two eight milligrams a day.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And your prescription still good right now because you just got one.
Aaron Mcmanis: today would be the day I will go back to the other doctor
Natalie Austin: Doctor Who was that
Aaron Mcmanis: I'm
Natalie Austin: Aware.
Aaron Mcmanis: Recovery.
Aaron Mcmanis: The doctor is Levi Harper.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: You let them know you're not coming back or yeah
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, I was.
Aaron Mcmanis: Parents that they told me they were gonna let me know about what the interest was going to do. And then I was going to call them after this and let them know that I was changing doctors
Natalie Austin: And they will they are cash only probably huh
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, most of the clinics are
Natalie Austin: Think we're the only I think we're the only company that actually takes insurance worse, you know,
Natalie Austin: That's why it's helpful. Yeah, we try to help people.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, that's a big difference from a couple of hundred a month just for the doctor part
Natalie Austin: But I got
Aaron Mcmanis: I got
Aaron Mcmanis: thousands and thousand dollar bills for just for the drug test.
Aaron Mcmanis: It's 1000 each month just
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, just for a simple drug tests that they have lab tested every month.
Aaron Mcmanis: No, that's ridiculous.
Natalie Austin: And then how much was your how much where you think you said $600 a month for everything else.
Aaron Mcmanis: Right, you know,
We
Aaron Mcmanis: Charge depending on where you go, what pharmacy, they can charge you up to $8 apiece. So that's quite a bit for 500 just right there. But you're paying the doctor 200 a month. So yeah, six 700 bucks a month plus your drug test is 1000 so
Natalie Austin: Yeah. It's insanity.
Aaron Mcmanis: I can't do it anymore.
Natalie Austin: No, I'm glad you came to us.
That's why.
Natalie Austin: I said, I'll send a prescription over to Walgreens, and on man's Park Avenue. Yes, ma'am. I gave me like four days worth because I want you to come to group on Thursday. OK.
Aaron Mcmanis: OK.
Natalie Austin: And then every Thursday or Monday, you can choose whether you are. Do you want to come next Monday. I guess we could do that too.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, that's why.
Natalie Austin: Are you able to come on Mondays.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'll give you enough for next week.
Natalie Austin: Looking cancel this here.
Natalie Austin: I'll cancel this one. That way you can come on Mondays. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, I'll give you a week. So I'll give you 14 days worth
Aaron Mcmanis: And I just come to the
Natalie Austin: Seven days worth. Sorry.
Natalie Austin: What
Aaron Mcmanis: I just come to the same number that your, your number.
Natalie Austin: Know, though they'll let you know it's with a counselor as well. So, um,
Natalie Austin: It's her name is Rochelle, we work together, we do the counseling and then the drug refills.
Natalie Austin: Okay, but I'll send you an email.
Natalie Austin: To that fact. OK.
OK.
Natalie Austin: So I'll give you 14 tablets. That's, that's a week's worth and then every Monday or to see me and
Natalie Austin: We'll do that. Okay.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Are you working now or are you able to come to at noon or
Aaron Mcmanis: That's fine. Yeah, because of the covert thing I've been laid off so
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, I'm open right now.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so, um, past medical history, you kind of told me a little bit, neck pain back pain herniated discs.
Natalie Austin: Any other medical history.
Aaron Mcmanis: A couple years ago when I came back.
Aaron Mcmanis: Another work accident. I started running. I'm a welder. And my first day running the break. Press.
Aaron Mcmanis: Got my hand crushed completely in half and a break. Press.
Aaron Mcmanis: It broke every bone in my right hand.
Aaron Mcmanis: Literally just completely like a straight line across my hand.
Aaron Mcmanis: So I got that too. I had to do a year and a half of physical therapy for that.
Aaron Mcmanis: And I had metal rods going up my alarm.
Aaron Mcmanis: So, I still have issues with that. Also,
Natalie Austin: Is it right or left hand.
Aaron Mcmanis: It's my right hand.
Natalie Austin: Are you right handed, yo. Oh, I bet you know how to use your left, right.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Oh, holy cow.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: They run. They put rods in your hand.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, got an x, man.
Natalie Austin: Well, yeah, right. There you go.
Natalie Austin: You're a bionic man.
Natalie Austin: He rides in your back to
Aaron Mcmanis: Know, just the fusion. That's all I've done my bag.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's enough, though.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Do you have surgery on your neck to destroy back
Aaron Mcmanis: No, I never made it to neck surgery. They didn't want to cover anything for that surgery. So I'm just kind of stuck with that.
Natalie Austin: Are you stuck with that insurance do you have bad insurance syndrome.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: They will cover anything
Aaron Mcmanis: Not likely.
Aaron Mcmanis: Even the work accident. They didn't want to cover anything
Aaron Mcmanis: The fears in therapy and was just so they could get rid of me pretty much that want to work with many more so.
Aaron Mcmanis: The therapy didn't do anything. So the fusion was just kind of get me out the door.
Natalie Austin: Well workman's comp should have paid for all that
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, my show.
Natalie Austin: I didn't either.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, they didn't want to pay for much
Natalie Austin: Any other, any other medical issues you have high blood pressure, diabetes,
No.
Natalie Austin: No I Roy disease, heart disease, no reason
Aaron Mcmanis: Other than that I go to the gym every day. Well, normally I do
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah yeah can go out and aware so you gotta do it. Oh.
Natalie Austin: No long as you're staying home order till
Aaron Mcmanis: I heard they just done it for another month
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Is it pie is it into June now.
Aaron Mcmanis: Um, I heard may 31 so
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's what I heard your mom.
Natalie Austin: Okay past surgeries. You just had back surgery, you still have your appendix and tonsils. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Social History, are you married single divorced
Divorced
Natalie Austin: You have kids.
Aaron Mcmanis: I have three kids.
Natalie Austin: How old are they
Aaron Mcmanis: To nine and 13
Natalie Austin: boys, girls.
Aaron Mcmanis: Two oldest girl and the youngest is a boy.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Or you just recently divorced
Aaron Mcmanis: Well, because the
Baby
Natalie Austin: Was your wife pregnant when you guys got divorced
Aaron Mcmanis: No, it wasn't from my wife. It was before my wife and after were separated for a long time.
Natalie Austin: Oh, I see.
Natalie Austin: Last time is not from your wife.
Aaron Mcmanis: No from
Here.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so you got a new relationship with her.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: There's sort of her
Natalie Austin: So you're divorcing on your day. I guess you're dating.
Natalie Austin: Or cohabitate levitating or
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, pretty much.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Does she have any other kids.
Aaron Mcmanis: No.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay, so it's her first kid to her first kid and your third. Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Um, and you're employed as a review.
Natalie Austin: Your light off is due to code, but you are a welder.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yes, man.
Natalie Austin: In labor. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, any tobacco use, or alcohol.
Aaron Mcmanis: No Alcohol Tobacco
Natalie Austin: Okay. Any heroin use or
Natalie Austin: Marijuana
Aaron Mcmanis: I used to, yes. And the past
Aaron Mcmanis: Which one marijuana. I just kind of smoke throughout the years, often on
Aaron Mcmanis: But I smoked them probably five, six years.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good.
Aaron Mcmanis: drinkin was mostly like
Aaron Mcmanis: throughout high school and in my early 20s, I drink for years, same thing.
Aaron Mcmanis: Heroin I just
Aaron Mcmanis: I dabbled with it. Back when
Aaron Mcmanis: When I first got on the pain medication.
Aaron Mcmanis: As a main to get by.
Aaron Mcmanis: When they had me on a lot of medication.
Aaron Mcmanis: And I didn't have any
Aaron Mcmanis: Again, I haven't used that
Aaron Mcmanis: Really
Aaron Mcmanis: Three years.
Natalie Austin: Wasn't ID.
Aaron Mcmanis: On no no okay
Aaron Mcmanis: Thank you know
Natalie Austin: Yeah I know, say, thank goodness.
Natalie Austin: And tobacco, what
How about today.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Since what age 16 or so or 20 or
Yeah.
Aaron Mcmanis: Both, both 1718
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Okay, do you have any allergies anything
Nope. Nope.
Natalie Austin: Any other medications.
Natalie Austin: Or any medications period, I guess.
No.
Natalie Austin: Family history or your parents still alive.
Aaron Mcmanis: My dad passed away last year and my mom thought
Natalie Austin: And what, how old was your dad when he passed away.
Aaron Mcmanis: I'm 62
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: What did he, what did he die from heart, heart attack or disease.
Aaron Mcmanis: No.
Aaron Mcmanis: He retired from
Aaron Mcmanis: The prison system, you were kind of prisons and it was in the military, and he retired and went to drive in the US Postal Service truck and got a wreck job.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: He'll even though the prisoners didn't kill him, but of our car accident.
Yeah.
Aaron Mcmanis: Oh,
Natalie Austin: Wow. Oh, wow. Was he was the CEO and the prison.
Aaron Mcmanis: It was a sniper commander.
Aaron Mcmanis: Because he was a mine. So yeah, then
Natalie Austin: It was a marine sniper. Wow.
Aaron Mcmanis: And he was a preacher to
Natalie Austin: Something amazing guy.
Was
Natalie Austin: What an awesome guy.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's a great combination. I love it.
Aaron Mcmanis: Very well. Oh my.
Natalie Austin: God brother brothers or sisters
Aaron Mcmanis: I have
Aaron Mcmanis: To have brothers and a half sister, they're all from my mom.
Natalie Austin: Your mom got remarried.
Natalie Austin: Yes, if the past
Natalie Austin: Held your mom now.
Aaron Mcmanis: She's about
Natalie Austin: She's 60
Natalie Austin: A lot older than her.
Natalie Austin: Now,
Aaron Mcmanis: Here's the part he just died last year so
Natalie Austin: Oh, that's right. Okay. Yeah, last year.
And he's
Natalie Austin: So she's 60 and he was he was 62 years, three years older them. Okay, gotcha. I'm sorry. I misunderstood.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So your mom healthy this you have any heart disease.
Natalie Austin: Any issues.
Aaron Mcmanis: This healthy. She just she has a lot of background.
Aaron Mcmanis: From work.
Natalie Austin: What does she do
Aaron Mcmanis: She was a nurse.
Aaron Mcmanis: Oh,
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, they have a bunch of back surgery.
Natalie Austin: Done. Okay guys, you guys go out
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: See your parents are both like helping people.
Natalie Austin: Helping family on
Natalie Austin: That's one.
Natalie Austin: Less of a kind heart as well just being around that.
Aaron Mcmanis: Oh, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. That's awesome.
Natalie Austin: There's your mom still working now.
Aaron Mcmanis: No, because our back she couldn't work anymore.
Natalie Austin: She did. Okay. Otherwise, she's healthy. Yeah, okay, good.
Natalie Austin: And then your brothers and sisters, they're all healthy. Yes. No.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so no medications, no allergies.
Natalie Austin: And just the southern Texas eight milligrams twice a day. I put that in there. I call that in for you already. So you
Natalie Austin: Set up tonight, probably
Natalie Austin: Okay so early.
Natalie Austin: Let's see here.
Natalie Austin: How tall, I will do a review of systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, chest pain.
No.
Natalie Austin: You have any any withdrawal symptoms right now.
Aaron Mcmanis: No. Nope, okay.
Natalie Austin: And give me trouble walking
Natalie Austin: Troubles urinating on that stuff from the, from the surgery so
Aaron Mcmanis: Sometimes it gets bad. I mean, some days I can't even get up out of bed.
Aaron Mcmanis: I forced myself to get around. But I mean,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, please stay a little walk. Okay.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Cuz I've heard some horror stories those back surgeries to compare like here, you know,
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, my mom, one of them.
Aaron Mcmanis: She had to have sex surgeries and cheese.
Aaron Mcmanis: I mean health wise, she is good, but her back is horrible.
Aaron Mcmanis: He can't get around hardly at all. And each surgery. Just seems to Sephora worse every time.
Natalie Austin: It's a shame. Did you call her yesterday and say you loved her.
Natalie Austin: Needed IT ONCE IN A WHILE, HUH Oh
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, we have a cookout for
Natalie Austin: Did you
Natalie Austin: Nice.
Natalie Austin: To do that with Kobe. You just stayed six feet apart.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So 14 point system review and essentially negative is you have some scars on your right hand stars on your lumbar spine.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yep, yep.
Natalie Austin: Okay, surgical scars. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: That'd be under physical exam actually unexplained physical exam general development or white male Nokia distress.
Natalie Austin: How tall are you,
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Kate.
Natalie Austin: Six. Six wait to 35 he and
Natalie Austin: Guerrilla cardiac causes attack.
Natalie Austin: Lungs, not only for aspirations on room air.
Natalie Austin: Adam understand extremities know demo.
Natalie Austin: Next light skin surgical scar on the lumbar spine and surgical scars on the right hand
Natalie Austin: See here trying to tell you the firm lymphatics Nolan fat and off the
Natalie Austin: Site alert and oriented times three neuro cranial nerve to call them tact.
Natalie Austin: Next one assessment opioid use disorder.
Natalie Austin: F1 1.1
Natalie Austin: chronic neck pain.
Natalie Austin: Right hand pain, chronic pain syndrome.
Natalie Austin: Lumbar Spine
Natalie Austin: herniated disc.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco use because
Natalie Austin: Dictating sorry
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: A couple things here whenever I am send a prescription and you'll get a text on your phone from good Rx
Natalie Austin: Okay, that will, you know, I sent it in. Okay. Well, I guess I'm gonna put a note here that you're going to come in.
Natalie Austin: On Mondays at noon.
Natalie Austin: We just open up that groups. It'll be nice for you. So it will be packed. Okay.
Natalie Austin: We only had four people in there today. So it was nice there five people. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Mondays at
Natalie Austin: And they told you about the urine drug screens and the initial labs. Right.
Aaron Mcmanis: A question.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yes, ma'am.
Natalie Austin: And that's all that should all be covered by insurance.
Natalie Austin: Hoping yeah
Natalie Austin: That's what everyone else everyone else has insurance pays for it we don't we don't charge you guys for
Aaron Mcmanis: That okay
Natalie Austin: So I'm plan continuous up your tags eight milligrams
Natalie Austin: Twice a day our accent for one week follow up on Mondays, a group at noon.
Natalie Austin: Monthly urine drug screen.
Natalie Austin: Mental health exam completed by the US to Scott
Natalie Austin: Co signed send a copy to Dr. Jason co sign
Natalie Austin: I gotta check a couple other things here.
Natalie Austin: Normally, with the group. It's kind of fun. It's kind of just like this will send you a zoom room number
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: You sit in on the group and
Natalie Austin: And the counselor, Rochelle. Just have a topic, and it's really fun. Everyone just, you can either just sit there and listen. Are you
Natalie Austin: Doing
Natalie Austin: So did you get a high school down in Florida and everything.
Aaron Mcmanis: No, I was up here actually down in southern Ohio and ask them.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Aaron Mcmanis: That I want my last year I went straight down to Florida.
Natalie Austin: Did you get any prescriptions in Florida.
Yes.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Does your mom. Where does your mom live now.
Aaron Mcmanis: Right close by to me out in the country.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Aaron Mcmanis: My sister, my younger sister help take care of her. She lives with her so
Aaron Mcmanis: She used to live with me. I took care of her for a couple years, when I got up here. And then my sister got a big house out in the country. So it was better for her out there.
Natalie Austin: So we're in the country. What is the country. What does that mean,
Aaron Mcmanis: I live in a little small town Shelby and then she lives price 10 miles outside of here.
Okay.
Aaron Mcmanis: So they got a it's an actual form of
No.
Aaron Mcmanis: sister and her boyfriend bought a farm.
Aaron Mcmanis: So it's got a lot of land its way out.
Aaron Mcmanis: In the woods. Nice. Yeah. Beautiful out there.
Natalie Austin: Sounds like save animals.
Yep.
Aaron Mcmanis: Well, they're starting out with horses, and I'm sure they're gonna get more as they
Go.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Aaron Mcmanis: That's nice. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Near the Kentucky border.
Aaron Mcmanis: No.
Aaron Mcmanis: I think we're more like northeastern Ohio.
Aaron Mcmanis: Northeastern you
Natalie Austin: See my Cleveland.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah. Yeah, pretty much.
Natalie Austin: Eerie, okay.
Aaron Mcmanis: I'm in Pittsburgh. Oh, wow.
Natalie Austin: Did I live right by the border of Ohio. I'm like,
Natalie Austin: Boardman
Aaron Mcmanis: Okay, yeah.
Aaron Mcmanis: I've been over the Pennsylvania few times.
Have you
Natalie Austin: Your gas is so cheap out
There.
Aaron Mcmanis: We drive over to Ohio, just to get your gas.
Natalie Austin: Sometimes just
Natalie Austin: It's crazy. That's how close we are to
Natalie Austin: My parents. My parents are literally like
Natalie Austin: Three miles from the border.
Natalie Austin: And get gas all the time.
Aaron Mcmanis: Oh, yeah.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah stuff I got cheap during this covert thing.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Aaron Mcmanis: It's been this Brian back when I was in high school.
Natalie Austin: When I was a kid, I remember being 59 cents.
Wow.
Natalie Austin: I'm trying to find your prescriptions.
Natalie Austin: oxy
Natalie Austin: Florida.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yes, ma'am. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm trying to find them.
Natalie Austin: It must have been the ACEs greater than five.
Years.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, I know that changed a lot of things over the
Aaron Mcmanis: Years because of how things got real bad though I know they didn't have all that in place when I lived down there. And then I heard a lot of things change though.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, nothing showing up. So that's because they didn't have it. You're right. They
Natalie Austin: didn't provide that information.
Natalie Austin: That's correct. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Your words is clean. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So um so much we check your
Natalie Austin: Scriptures on the computer to see where you get
Natalie Austin: Filled and stuff.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I'll take yours.
Natalie Austin: You're fine.
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: Do you have any other questions for me.
Aaron Mcmanis: Nope.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let me let me hold on let me let them know that we're gonna put you on Mondays group to send you a link and all that.
Aaron Mcmanis: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: Give me a minute here.
All right.
Natalie Austin: Please add him to my Monday group with Rochelle at noon.
Natalie Austin: CRA Ron huh
Natalie Austin: Have you seen that
Natalie Austin: I forget who that what comedian. That is
Aaron Mcmanis: I don't know, but people tell me that a lot
Natalie Austin: There's a comedian. I had a whole
Aaron Mcmanis: Show on that. Yeah, I'm
Natalie Austin: Gonna American he was making fun of all the
Natalie Austin: Other white people. He was like, yeah, he was like, Hey Aaron, Aaron.
Natalie Austin: You got you in the female names. He was
Natalie Austin: Like Nicola, you're
Natalie Austin: You're like, whoa, I think you saying Nikolay. It was just
Natalie Austin: It was pronouncing I'm just how I
Natalie Austin: Spell you know
Aaron Mcmanis: Right.
I was hilarious.
Natalie Austin: For the life may not remember who that was. I was talking about that. The other day to
Natalie Austin: I'll have to Google it.
Natalie Austin: A Ron
Natalie Austin: Okay, hold on. I'm still texting her. I saw your laughter for a minute.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have a pen. I'm going to give you that, um, the virtual clinic number for you to log back in. They said that
Natalie Austin: They wrote down the wrong number ID for you.
Natalie Austin: To give the call. That's what's that's what's wrong, you have to call them back and give them the right they wrote it wrote down wrong.
Natalie Austin: Okay okay 408486476 to that's the
Natalie Austin: Virtual clinic.
Number.
Natalie Austin: 408486476 to
Natalie Austin: So you can just pull your card again and maybe repeat the numbers to them.
Aaron Mcmanis: I don't know.
Natalie Austin: What happened, that's what happened. They plugged it in, and they said no such person exists.
Natalie Austin: Like I did when they were the wrong number down
Aaron Mcmanis: Oh,
Natalie Austin: That's a good mistake. That's okay. Right.
Natalie Austin: At least are not deny you
Yeah.
Aaron Mcmanis: Okay, well, I asked him, when I talked to him because when I took the picture of my card. My back camera on my phone is bro. So the front camera and probably reverse all the numbers.
Aaron Mcmanis: That
Aaron Mcmanis: Didn't come out clarity said, yeah, I can see it. I'm like,
Natalie Austin: Then for ones and stuff, I guess.
Natalie Austin: Oh, that's funny.
Natalie Austin: And the three probably look like eight. Oh my goodness.
Natalie Austin: No wonder they couldn't find you.
Aaron Mcmanis: That's hilarious.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. So now, they'll be able to plug it in and get the right information.
Right. It's funny.
Natalie Austin: Do you have a camera now fixed
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, I just use the front
Aaron Mcmanis: facing camera.
Aaron Mcmanis: Camera on the back of the phone I correct it. So,
Aaron Mcmanis: On
Natalie Austin: Picture.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah, it works. It just is a little blurry.
Natalie Austin: I mean here. Give me the give me the numbers and I'll type them to or then that way they'll have it.
Aaron Mcmanis: No, no check now while we're talking what's what the numbers.
Aaron Mcmanis: Which one do I start with the ID number.
Yeah.
Aaron Mcmanis: It is 939725878552
Natalie Austin: Okay, there's a group number
Aaron Mcmanis: 742228503
Natalie Austin: Okay, the ID is 939725878552
Natalie Austin: And the group is 742-228-5030 good okay so that they can process it. Now while we're talking okay job with the other party to copy of a fear chart. Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm just texting her
Natalie Austin: So they're gonna put you in for next Monday at noon.
Natalie Austin: Did your job tell you one you're going to go back to work at all.
Aaron Mcmanis: They just told me. So let me know if
Aaron Mcmanis: They start getting everything set back up.
Natalie Austin: Because you could probably just go on.
Natalie Austin: See us on your lunchtime.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: In the back your head. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I don't know when people are going back to work. You know what they're doing out there. But if they do, just
Natalie Austin: Have to have. Make sure you get a lunch break at noon. Okay.
Aaron Mcmanis: Right, you know,
Natalie Austin: And you can just plug in to see us and then go back to work.
Right.
Natalie Austin: A lot of people do that. Now, the ones that were are working now. That's what they
Aaron Mcmanis: Do. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Um, I think we covered. Anything else you already know about the medicine. I don't need to tell you the side effects that there's constipation.
Natalie Austin: Right, with the medicine.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any problems with that now.
Aaron Mcmanis: Not really. I've never really had issues with it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so you're one of the lucky ones.
Natalie Austin: I did a whole group discussion on constipation from
Natalie Austin: Suboxone funny.
Natalie Austin: That's good that you don't get that looks
Natalie Austin: Good. It was a funny topic. Yeah, we got a lot of laughs on
Natalie Austin: That one.
Natalie Austin: So you already know the side effects.
Natalie Austin: If your pharmacy has any issues with the script. Just have them call us. My, my numbers on the
Aaron Mcmanis: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Sometimes whenever you switch providers.
Aaron Mcmanis: You know, they
Natalie Austin: They make question at whatever but
Natalie Austin: If they say, you know, you just push clinics and stuff, you know, just let them know that if they have any problems.
Right.
Natalie Austin: And even go into that pharmacy for what two years now.
Natalie Austin: So they know you right
Aaron Mcmanis: Right, you know,
Natalie Austin: The Walgreens. And I said, It's okay.
Natalie Austin: That is everything.
Natalie Austin: Did you get your own they're going to send you an email with the urine drug screen information in the lab. So they send
Natalie Austin: That to you yet.
Aaron Mcmanis: Um,
Aaron Mcmanis: Did they send it now today.
Natalie Austin: They might have
Aaron Mcmanis: I don't think I've got that. Yeah, but I might have, I'll just have to look to my mo check
Natalie Austin: Okay, what is it, but basically they find a quest that's near you and they'll and they send the lab slips to quest.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and I'll send you a text saying I we send all your
Natalie Austin: Lab stuff to quest, which is x amount of miles away from you.
Natalie Austin: Just, you know, show up there and get it done.
All right.
Natalie Austin: And then after that, I think you can do some of the urine drugs friends at home.
Natalie Austin: We're going to send you like a little cup.
Natalie Austin: And we have to take up if you take off your video.
Natalie Austin: Somehow that way you don't have to go out
Natalie Austin: Nine times right in the mail tonight.
Natalie Austin: So yeah, I think that's pretty awesome.
Aaron Mcmanis: There for
Natalie Austin: It again that should be covered by insurance. We don't like I don't see them charging anybody for that but that should be
Natalie Austin: You can ask whenever you get a call back in and talk to Ariana asked her about that, but I think it should be covered.
Natalie Austin: She's, she's probably searching your benefits right now. So whenever you get on, let me see.
Natalie Austin: That way, um,
Natalie Austin: You have a shove less searching to do, and she'll be able to tell you some stuff good
Natalie Austin: And that
Natalie Austin: Was a medical mutual. Did you say
Aaron Mcmanis: That
Medical
Natalie Austin: Mutual. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And your date of birth.
Natalie Austin: Date of birth.
To
Natalie Austin: At 512
To 12
Natalie Austin: To 1285 perfect
Natalie Austin: Are your kids doing okay well this coven you still get to see them.
Aaron Mcmanis: Love and been oh
Natalie Austin: I bet.
Natalie Austin: You get to eat all day and
Natalie Austin: Do you get to see them.
Aaron Mcmanis: Well, I didn't even know about this. And so the doctor appointment.
Natalie Austin: Oh really,
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: How do you see them.
Aaron Mcmanis: I'm not big on this whole technology. I'm not all up to date on
Natalie Austin: Technology makes you a millennial you're young, you should know
Aaron Mcmanis: I hung around my parents too much.
Aaron Mcmanis: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I hear you.
Aaron Mcmanis: My dad never did get a regular smartphone ever it he passed away was never owned and more than a flip phone
Natalie Austin: My dad is to you 78 he's the same way.
Natalie Austin: Oh yeah, he trying to get him a smartphone. He's like, I don't want anything to do with that.
Natalie Austin: I know I've tried they're set in their ways, aren't they. Oh.
Boy.
Aaron Mcmanis: You know, once things change for us. We're going to be stuck in our ways
Aaron Mcmanis: That's true. Go to change from the next generation. And we're gonna be like, Oh, no, we're not going with that.
Natalie Austin: That's true landline I'm not getting a landline
Natalie Austin: That might come back, you know,
Natalie Austin: With all this stuff. Everyone's like their Internets crashing everywhere you know
Aaron Mcmanis: Oh, yeah. So, for
Natalie Austin: Me a landline is like
Natalie Austin: Solid. You know, it's going to work at least
Aaron Mcmanis: Yep, so
Natalie Austin: That might be a good option. They're coming up. Who knows.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions for me.
That's
Natalie Austin: What
Aaron Mcmanis: You covered a lot
Natalie Austin: I'm glad. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Was very nice meeting you. Aaron.
Aaron Mcmanis: Very nice to meet you as well.
Natalie Austin: And I'll see you next Monday at noon. Okay.
Aaron Mcmanis: Okay, thank you for your time.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. Bye bye.